_pages/publications.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: " "
permalink: /publications/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /publications
---
科研项目
========

- 国家自然科学基金面上项目，统一建模理论下SINS/DVL组合系统全域自主抗差导航方法研究与实现（52271346），2023.01~2026.12，**主持人**，在研。
- 国家自然科学基金面上项目，硅微半球壳陀螺自校准Sigma-Delta测控机理及其单芯片关键技术研究（61974156），2020.01~2023.12，参与人，已结题。
- 国家自然科学基金青年项目，基于多种矢量视运动分析的抗干扰行进间粗对准方法研究（61803278），2019.01~2021.12，**主持人**，已结题。

# 学术获奖

- 2023年华为技术有限公司“火花奖”。

# 学术论文

## 2024年：

- **Xu Xiang**, Li Yao, Zhu Lihua, Yao Yiqing. Robust Attitude and Positioning Alignment Methods for SINS/DVL Integration Based on Sliding Window Improvements [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics**, 2024, 71(7): 8038-8046.
- Xu Tongxu, **Xu Xiang**, Zhang Jingya, Ye Hualong. Thermal calibration for triaxial gyroscope of MEMS-IMU based on segmented systematic method [J]. Scientific Reports, 14, 23802 (2024). [pdf](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-024-74472-8)

## 2023年：

- Yao Yiqing, Shen Yilei, **Xu Xiang**, Deng Kai, and Xu Xiaosu. A Modified Smoothing Scheme for Water Current-Aided SINS/DVL Integration System[J]. **IEEE Sensors Journal**, 2023, 23(21): 26366-26374.
- **Xu Xiang**, Zheng Xuehe, Li Yao, Yao Yiqing, Zhou Hui and Zhu Lihua. An Improved In-Motion Alignment Method for SINS/GPS With the Sliding Windows Integration [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology**, 2023, 72(10): 12491-12499.
- Wang Di, Wang Bing, Huang Haoqian, Yao Yiqing, **Xu Xiang** . Robust Filter Method for SINS/DVL/USBL Tight Integrated Navigation System [J]. **IEEE Sensors Journal**, 2023, 23(10): 10912-10923.
- Wang Di, Wang Bing, Huang Haoqian, **Xu Xiang** and Yao Yiqing. A Novel Calibration Algorithm of SINS/USBL Navigation System Based on Smooth Variable Structure [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2023, 72: 1-14.
- Wang Yukun, Ning Xiuli, **Xu Xiang**. An Improved In-Motion Coarse Alignment Method for SINS/GPS Integration with Initial Velocity Error Suppression[J]. Sensors, MDPI AG, 2023, 23(7): 3662.
- Yao Yiqing, **Xu Xiang**, Xu Xiaosu and Klein Itzik. Virtual Beam Aided SINS/DVL Tightly Coupled Integration Method With Partial DVL Measurements [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology**, 2023, 72(1): 418-427.

## 2022 年：

- Xu Tongxu, **Xu Xiang**, Xu Dacheng, Zou Zelan and Zhao Heming. A New Robust Filtering Method of GNSS/MINS Integrated System for Land Vehicle Navigation [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology**, 2022, 71(11): 11443-11453.
- Huang Ling, **Xu Xiang**, Ge Haoran, Zhao Heming. Single-Axis Rotation Modulation Transverse SINS Based on Virtual Sphere Model in Polar Region [J]. **IEEE Sensors Journal**, 2022, 22(13): 13442-13450.
- Huang Ling, **Xu Xiang**, Ge Haoran, Zhao Heming. Robust Unscented Quaternion Kalman Filter for Polar In-Motion Alignment and Virtual Polar Region Technology [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2022, 71: 1-10.
- **Xu Xiang**, Ning Xiuli, Yao Yiqing, Li Kui. In-motion Coarse Alignment Method for SINS/GPS Integration in Polar Region [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology**, 2022, 71(6): 6110-6118.
- **Xu Xiang**, Sun Yifan, Yao Yiqing and Zhang Tao. A Robust In-Motion Optimization-Based Alignment for SINS/GPS Integration [J], **IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems**, 2022, 23(5): 4362-4372.
- Yao, Yiqing, **Xu Xiang**, Xu Xiaosu, Zhang Tao. A Staggered Grid based Water Current aided SINS/DVL Integration Solution for Mid Water Navigation [J]. **IEEE Sensors Journal**, 2022, 22(13): 13136-13143.
- Gui Jing, **Xu Xiang**, Zhao Heming. Heading constraint algorithm for Foot-mounted PNS using low-cost IMU [J]. **Journal of Systems Engineering and Electronics**, 2022, 33(3): 727-736.
- 邹泽兰, 徐同旭, **徐祥**, 赵鹤鸣. 基于两步修正法的MEMS三轴陀螺仪标定方法[J]. **仪器仪表学报**, 2022, 43(04):191-198.

## 2021 年：

- **Xu Xiang**, Gui Jing, Sun Yifan, Yao Yiqing and Zhang Tao. A Robust In-motion Alignment Method with Inertial Sensors and Doppler Velocity Log [J], **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2021, 70: 1-13.
- Yao Yiqing, **Xu Xiang**, Zhang Tao, Hu Gaoge. An Improved Initial Alignment Method for SINS/GPS Integration with Vectors Subtraction [J], **IEEE Sensors Journal**, 2021, 21(16): 18256-18262.
- Xu Tongxu, **Xu Xiang**, Xu Dacheng, Zou Zelan and Zhao Heming. Low-Cost and Efficient Thermal Calibration Scheme for MEMS Triaxial Accelerometer[J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2021, 70:1-9.
- Zhou Xiaoren, **Xu Xiang**, Yao Yiqing, Zhao Heming. A Robust Quaternion Kalman Filter Method for MIMU/GPS In-Motion Alignment[J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2021, 70:1-9.
- Zhang Liang, Zhang Tao, Shin Hyo-Sang, **Xu Xiang**. An Efficient Underwater Acoustical Localization Method Based On Time Difference and Bearing Measurements[J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2021, 70: 1-16.
- Xu Tongxu, **Xu Xiang**, Xu Dacheng, Zhao Heming. A Novel Calibration Method using Six Positions for MEMS Triaxial Accelerometer[J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2021, 70: 1-11.
- 孙逸帆, 陈洋豪, 李凤, **徐祥**.基于递推最小二乘法加速度计信息辅助的磁力计标定方法[J]. **传感技术学报**, 2021, 34(12):1638-1643.
- 葛浩冉, **徐祥**, 黄玲, 赵鹤鸣. 基于虚拟圆球模型的格网SINS/GNSS极区组合导航方法[J]. **导航定位与授时**, 2021, 8(06):81-87.
- 周晓仁, **徐祥**, 赵鹤鸣. 鲁棒无迹四元数卡尔曼滤波初始对准算法[J]. **传感技术学报**, 2021, 34(12):1622-1630.

## 2020 年：

- **Xu Xiang**, Guo Zetao, Yao Yiqing and Zhang Tao, Robust Initial Alignment for SINS/DVL Based on Reconstructed Observation Vectors [J], **IEEE/ASME Transactions on Mechatronics**, 2020, 25(3): 1659-1667.
- **Xu Xiang**, Sun Yifan, Gui Jing, Yao Yiqing and Zhang Tao. A Fast Robust In-motion Alignment method for SINS with DVL Aided [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology**, 2020, 69(4): 3816-3827.
- Sun Yifan, **Xu Xiang**. Calibration of MEMS Triaxial Accelerometers Based on the Maximum Likelihood Estimation Method[J]. Mathematical Problems in Engineering, 2020, 2020.
- Huang Ling, **Xu Xiang**, Zhao Heming, Ge Haoran. Transverse SINS/DVL Integrated Polar Navigation Algorithm Based on Virtual Sphere Model[J]. Mathematical Problems in Engineering, 2020, 2020.
- Xu Tongxu,  **Xu Xiang** , Bu Feng, Xu Dacheng, and Zhao Heming, Three-position characterization for the adjustment of MEMS accelerometer scale factor [J], Measurement Science and Technology, 2020, 32(3): 1-10.
- Yao Yiqing, Xu Xiaosu, Hou Lanhua, Deng Kai and **Xu Xiang**, A Simple and Precise Correction Method for DVL Measurements under the Dynamic Environment [J], **IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology**, 2020, 69(10): 10750 - 10758.
- Yao Yiqing, Xu Xiaosu, Zhu Yongyun, **Xu Xiang**. In-motion coarse alignment method for SINS/DVL with the attitude dynamics [J]. **ISA Transactions**, 2020, 105: 377-386.
- Bu Feng, Wang Xi, Fan Bo, Guo Shuwen, Xu Dacheng, **Xu Xiang** and Zhao Heming. Noise model considering electrical feed-through under force rebalance closed-loop detection of MEMS gyroscope [J]. **Journal of Micromechanics and Microengineering**, 2020, 30(5): 055007-055017.
- Yao Yiqing, Xu Xiaosu, Yang Dongrui, and **Xu Xiang**. An IMM-UKF aided SINS/USBL calibration solution for underwater vehicles [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology**, 2020, 69(4): 3740-3747.
- Cao Guocan, **Xu Xiang**, and Xu Dacheng. Real-Time Calibration of Magnetometers Using the RLS/ML Algorithm [J]. Sensors, 2020, 20(2): 535.
- **徐祥**, 朱琳, 荆通, 赵鹤鸣. 基于阵列MEMS磁传感器的测量与标定方法[J]. **中国惯性技术学报**, 2020, 28(02): 213-218.
- 邹泽兰,**徐祥**,徐同旭,赵鹤鸣.一种基于改进型自适应遗传算法的MEMS三轴加速度计标定方法[J].传感技术学报,2020,33(10):1450-1456.

## 2019 年：

- **Xu Xiang**, Xu Dacheng, Zhang Tao, Zhao Heming. In-motion Coarse Alignment Method for SINS/GPS Using Position Loci[J]. **IEEE Sensors Journal**, 2019, 19(10): 3930-3938.
- **Xu Xiang**, Lu Jiayi, and Zhang Tao. A Fast-Initial Alignment Method With Angular Rate Aiding Based on Robust Kalman Filter [J]. IEEE Access, 2019, 7: 51369-51378.
- **徐祥**, 刘铭, 曹国灿, 徐大诚. 基于自适应参数估计的三轴磁传感器实时校正方法[J]. **中国惯性技术学报**, 2019, 27(03): 384-389.
- **徐祥**, 徐大诚. 晃动基座下正向-正向回溯初始对准方法[J]. **宇航学报**, 2019, 40(08): 965-971.
- **徐祥**, 史凡伟, 徐大诚, 富振铎. 基于参数识别的SINS/DVL初始对准方法[J]. **中国惯性技术学报**, 2019, 27(02): 176-180.

## 2018 年：

- **Xu Xiang**, Xu Xiaosu, Zhang Tao, Wang Zhicheng. In-Motion Filter-QUEST Alignment for Strapdown Inertial Navigation Systems [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2018, 67(8):1979-1993.
- Zhang Tao, **Xu Xiang**, Wang Zhicheng. Spacecraft attitude estimation based on matrix Kalman filter and recursive cubature Kalman filter [J]. **Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part G: Journal of Aerospace Engineering**, 2018, 232(16): 3024-3033.
- Zhang Tao, Zhu Yongyun, **Xu Xiang**, Wang Jian, Li Yao. In-Motion Coarse Alignment Based on the Vector Observation for SINS [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2018, 68(10): 3740-3750.
- Zhu Yongyun, Zhang Tao, **Xu Xiang**. A Coarse-Alignment Method Based on the Optimal-REQUEST Algorithm [J]. Sensors, 2018, 18(1): 239.
- Wang Jian, Zhang Tao, **Xu Xiang**, Li Yao. A Variational Bayesian Based Strong Tracking Interpolatory Cubature Kalman Filter for Maneuvering Target Tracking [J]. IEEE Access, 2018, 6: 52544-52560.

## 2017 年：

- **Xu Xiang**, Xu Xiaosu, Zhang Tao, Li Yao, Wang Zhicheng. A Coarse Alignment Method Based on Digital Filters and Reconstructed Observation Vectors [J]. Sensors, 2017, 17(4): 709.
- **Xu Xiang**, Xu Xiaosu, Yao Yiqing, Wang Zhicheng. In-motion coarse alignment method based on reconstructed observation vectors [J]. **Review of Scientific Instruments**, 2017, 88(3): 035001.
- **Xu Xiang**, Xu Xiaosu, Zhang Tao, Li Yao, Tong Jinwu. A Kalman filter for SINS self-alignment based on vector observation [J]. Sensors, 2017, 17(2): 264.
- Yao Yiqing, Xu Xiaosu, **Xu Xiang**. An IMM-Aided ZUPT methodology for an INS/DVL integrated navigation system [J]. Sensors, 2017, 17(9): 2030.

## 2016 年：

- **徐祥**, 徐晓苏, 张涛, 等. 一种改良 Kalman 滤波参数辨识粗对准方法[J]. **中国惯性技术学报**, 2016, 24(03): 320-324.
- 徐晓苏, 周峰, 张涛, **徐祥**. 基于四元数自适应卡尔曼滤波的快速对准算法[J]. **中国惯性技术学报**, 2016, 24(04): 454-459.

# 授权专利

- **徐祥**，郭泽涛，朱琳，桂靖. 比力微分的位置法DVL误差标定方法及系统. 2019.12.19-2023.11.24(申请号：CN201911317845.2，专利号：ZL201911317845.2，授权公告号：CN110987018B)。
- **徐祥**，李凤，陈洋豪. 虚拟圆球模型下极区惯性导航相位调制阻尼方法及系统. 2021.10.12-2023.03.07(申请号：CN202111194989.0，专利号：ZL202111194989.0，授权公告号：CN114001731B)。
- **徐祥**，孙逸帆，李风，陈洋豪. 磁力计信息辅助的MEMS陀螺仪标定方法及标定系统. 2021.01.27-2022.12.06(申请号：CN202110113501.0，专利号：ZL202110113501.0，授权公告号：CN112945271B)。
- 朱辰霄，**徐祥**，颜路胜，申佼杰，刘健明，戴瑄辰. 阵列式MEMS传感器SPI并行数据采集电路及传感系统，2020.07.30-2023.09.29(申请号：CN202010751876.5，专利号：ZL202010751876.5，授权公告号：CN111953333B)。
- **徐祥**，朱辰霄，黄玲，葛浩冉，赵鹤鸣. 一种极区格网坐标系动基座粗对准方法，2020.07.30-2021.12.07.( 申请号：CN202010751924.0，专利号：ZL202010751924.0，授权公告号：CN111947685B)。
- 白春风，**徐祥**，朱琳，徐大诚. 阵列式MEMS磁传感器实时标定方法，2019.11.01-2021.10.19.( 申请号：CN201911059650.2，专利号：ZL201911059650.2，授权公告号：CN110672127B)
- **徐祥**，徐大诚，白春风. 模值检测动基座鲁棒对准方法，2019.05.14-2020.12.01. (申请号：CN201910399911.9，专利号：ZL201910399911.9，授权公告号：CN110108301B)。
- **徐祥**，徐大诚. 速度辅助行进间回溯初始对准方法，2018.09.21-2020.05.29. (申请号：CN201811107681.6，专利号：ZL201811107681.6，公开：CN109443378A，授权公告号：CN109443378B)。
- **徐祥**，徐大诚. 标量域MEMS惯性系统标定方法，2018.09.21-2020.07.14. (申请号：CN201811107698.1，专利号：ZL201811107698.1，公开：CN109084806A，授权公告号：CN109084806B)。
- **徐祥**，徐大诚. GNSS位置辅助SINS行进间初始对准方法，2018.12.10-2020.07.24. (申请号：CN201811504547.X，专利号：ZL201811504547.X，公开：CN109596144A，授权公告号：CN109596144)。

# 软件著作权

- 徐祥，组合导航定位软件[简称：INPS]V1.0，2021.07.01-2021.12.08，登记号：2021SR2024517.
- 徐祥，阵列式传感器测量系统软件[简称：MSSA]V1.0，2020.12.01-2021.02.09，登记号：2021SR0233884.
- 徐祥，行人全区域定位系统[简称：PNS]V1.0，2020.02.01-2020.06.08，登记号：2020SR0583264.

# 学术交流

- 2021年第二届人工智能时代的感知、测量与数据分析国际会议（ICSMD），南京，中国。汇报论文：Research on the Noises Analysis of the MEMS Inertial Sensor Array。
- 2021年第四届IEEE国际无人系统大会（ICUS），北京（线上），中国。汇报论文：A Magnetic Vector Aided Calibration Method for MEMS Gyroscope
- 2020年导航定位年会（IEEE/ION PLANS），波特兰（线上），美国。汇报论文：Research on the Calibrated Method for MEMS Magnetometer Arrays
- 2016年组合通讯导航年会（ICNS），赫恩顿，美国。汇报论文：Interlaced matrix Kalman filter for spacecraft attitude estimation

Commit message:

新增论文: In-Motion Polar Alignment Method With Unified Navigation Mechanization and Transverse Virtual Polar Region Technology

_pages/publications.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: " "
permalink: /publications/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /publications
---
科研项目
========

- 国家自然科学基金面上项目，统一建模理论下SINS/DVL组合系统全域自主抗差导航方法研究与实现（52271346），2023.01~2026.12，**主持人**，在研。
- 国家自然科学基金面上项目，硅微半球壳陀螺自校准Sigma-Delta测控机理及其单芯片关键技术研究（61974156），2020.01~2023.12，参与人，已结题。
- 国家自然科学基金青年项目，基于多种矢量视运动分析的抗干扰行进间粗对准方法研究（61803278），2019.01~2021.12，**主持人**，已结题。

# 学术获奖

- 2023年华为技术有限公司“火花奖”。

# 学术论文

## 2025年：

- **Xu Xiang**, Wu Zijing, Yao Yiqing, Li Yao, Zhu Lihua and Wang Di. In-Motion Polar Alignment Method With Unified Navigation Mechanization and Transverse Virtual Polar Region Technology [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2025, 74, 1-13.

## 2024年：

- **Xu Xiang**, Li Yao, Zhu Lihua, Yao Yiqing. Robust Attitude and Positioning Alignment Methods for SINS/DVL Integration Based on Sliding Window Improvements [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics**, 2024, 71(7): 8038-8046.
- Xu Tongxu, **Xu Xiang**, Zhang Jingya, Ye Hualong. Thermal calibration for triaxial gyroscope of MEMS-IMU based on segmented systematic method [J]. Scientific Reports, 14, 23802 (2024). [pdf](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-024-74472-8)
- Xu Tongxu, **Xu Xiang**, Ye Hualong, et al. A model-based and efficient parameters correction method for low-cost MEMS IMU[J]. Measurement Science and Technology, 2024, 36(1): 015036.

## 2023年：

- Yao Yiqing, Shen Yilei, **Xu Xiang**, Deng Kai, and Xu Xiaosu. A Modified Smoothing Scheme for Water Current-Aided SINS/DVL Integration System[J]. **IEEE Sensors Journal**, 2023, 23(21): 26366-26374.
- **Xu Xiang**, Zheng Xuehe, Li Yao, Yao Yiqing, Zhou Hui and Zhu Lihua. An Improved In-Motion Alignment Method for SINS/GPS With the Sliding Windows Integration [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology**, 2023, 72(10): 12491-12499.
- Wang Di, Wang Bing, Huang Haoqian, Yao Yiqing, **Xu Xiang** . Robust Filter Method for SINS/DVL/USBL Tight Integrated Navigation System [J]. **IEEE Sensors Journal**, 2023, 23(10): 10912-10923.
- Wang Di, Wang Bing, Huang Haoqian, **Xu Xiang** and Yao Yiqing. A Novel Calibration Algorithm of SINS/USBL Navigation System Based on Smooth Variable Structure [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2023, 72: 1-14.
- Wang Yukun, Ning Xiuli, **Xu Xiang**. An Improved In-Motion Coarse Alignment Method for SINS/GPS Integration with Initial Velocity Error Suppression[J]. Sensors, MDPI AG, 2023, 23(7): 3662.
- Yao Yiqing, **Xu Xiang**, Xu Xiaosu and Klein Itzik. Virtual Beam Aided SINS/DVL Tightly Coupled Integration Method With Partial DVL Measurements [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology**, 2023, 72(1): 418-427.

## 2022 年：

- Xu Tongxu, **Xu Xiang**, Xu Dacheng, Zou Zelan and Zhao Heming. A New Robust Filtering Method of GNSS/MINS Integrated System for Land Vehicle Navigation [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology**, 2022, 71(11): 11443-11453.
- Huang Ling, **Xu Xiang**, Ge Haoran, Zhao Heming. Single-Axis Rotation Modulation Transverse SINS Based on Virtual Sphere Model in Polar Region [J]. **IEEE Sensors Journal**, 2022, 22(13): 13442-13450.
- Huang Ling, **Xu Xiang**, Ge Haoran, Zhao Heming. Robust Unscented Quaternion Kalman Filter for Polar In-Motion Alignment and Virtual Polar Region Technology [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2022, 71: 1-10.
- **Xu Xiang**, Ning Xiuli, Yao Yiqing, Li Kui. In-motion Coarse Alignment Method for SINS/GPS Integration in Polar Region [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology**, 2022, 71(6): 6110-6118.
- **Xu Xiang**, Sun Yifan, Yao Yiqing and Zhang Tao. A Robust In-Motion Optimization-Based Alignment for SINS/GPS Integration [J], **IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems**, 2022, 23(5): 4362-4372.
- Yao, Yiqing, **Xu Xiang**, Xu Xiaosu, Zhang Tao. A Staggered Grid based Water Current aided SINS/DVL Integration Solution for Mid Water Navigation [J]. **IEEE Sensors Journal**, 2022, 22(13): 13136-13143.
- Gui Jing, **Xu Xiang**, Zhao Heming. Heading constraint algorithm for Foot-mounted PNS using low-cost IMU [J]. **Journal of Systems Engineering and Electronics**, 2022, 33(3): 727-736.
- 邹泽兰, 徐同旭, **徐祥**, 赵鹤鸣. 基于两步修正法的MEMS三轴陀螺仪标定方法[J]. **仪器仪表学报**, 2022, 43(04):191-198.

## 2021 年：

- **Xu Xiang**, Gui Jing, Sun Yifan, Yao Yiqing and Zhang Tao. A Robust In-motion Alignment Method with Inertial Sensors and Doppler Velocity Log [J], **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2021, 70: 1-13.
- Yao Yiqing, **Xu Xiang**, Zhang Tao, Hu Gaoge. An Improved Initial Alignment Method for SINS/GPS Integration with Vectors Subtraction [J], **IEEE Sensors Journal**, 2021, 21(16): 18256-18262.
- Xu Tongxu, **Xu Xiang**, Xu Dacheng, Zou Zelan and Zhao Heming. Low-Cost and Efficient Thermal Calibration Scheme for MEMS Triaxial Accelerometer[J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2021, 70:1-9.
- Zhou Xiaoren, **Xu Xiang**, Yao Yiqing, Zhao Heming. A Robust Quaternion Kalman Filter Method for MIMU/GPS In-Motion Alignment[J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2021, 70:1-9.
- Zhang Liang, Zhang Tao, Shin Hyo-Sang, **Xu Xiang**. An Efficient Underwater Acoustical Localization Method Based On Time Difference and Bearing Measurements[J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2021, 70: 1-16.
- Xu Tongxu, **Xu Xiang**, Xu Dacheng, Zhao Heming. A Novel Calibration Method using Six Positions for MEMS Triaxial Accelerometer[J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2021, 70: 1-11.
- 孙逸帆, 陈洋豪, 李凤, **徐祥**.基于递推最小二乘法加速度计信息辅助的磁力计标定方法[J]. **传感技术学报**, 2021, 34(12):1638-1643.
- 葛浩冉, **徐祥**, 黄玲, 赵鹤鸣. 基于虚拟圆球模型的格网SINS/GNSS极区组合导航方法[J]. **导航定位与授时**, 2021, 8(06):81-87.
- 周晓仁, **徐祥**, 赵鹤鸣. 鲁棒无迹四元数卡尔曼滤波初始对准算法[J]. **传感技术学报**, 2021, 34(12):1622-1630.

## 2020 年：

- **Xu Xiang**, Guo Zetao, Yao Yiqing and Zhang Tao, Robust Initial Alignment for SINS/DVL Based on Reconstructed Observation Vectors [J], **IEEE/ASME Transactions on Mechatronics**, 2020, 25(3): 1659-1667.
- **Xu Xiang**, Sun Yifan, Gui Jing, Yao Yiqing and Zhang Tao. A Fast Robust In-motion Alignment method for SINS with DVL Aided [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology**, 2020, 69(4): 3816-3827.
- Sun Yifan, **Xu Xiang**. Calibration of MEMS Triaxial Accelerometers Based on the Maximum Likelihood Estimation Method[J]. Mathematical Problems in Engineering, 2020, 2020.
- Huang Ling, **Xu Xiang**, Zhao Heming, Ge Haoran. Transverse SINS/DVL Integrated Polar Navigation Algorithm Based on Virtual Sphere Model[J]. Mathematical Problems in Engineering, 2020, 2020.
- Xu Tongxu,  **Xu Xiang** , Bu Feng, Xu Dacheng, and Zhao Heming, Three-position characterization for the adjustment of MEMS accelerometer scale factor [J], Measurement Science and Technology, 2020, 32(3): 1-10.
- Yao Yiqing, Xu Xiaosu, Hou Lanhua, Deng Kai and **Xu Xiang**, A Simple and Precise Correction Method for DVL Measurements under the Dynamic Environment [J], **IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology**, 2020, 69(10): 10750 - 10758.
- Yao Yiqing, Xu Xiaosu, Zhu Yongyun, **Xu Xiang**. In-motion coarse alignment method for SINS/DVL with the attitude dynamics [J]. **ISA Transactions**, 2020, 105: 377-386.
- Bu Feng, Wang Xi, Fan Bo, Guo Shuwen, Xu Dacheng, **Xu Xiang** and Zhao Heming. Noise model considering electrical feed-through under force rebalance closed-loop detection of MEMS gyroscope [J]. **Journal of Micromechanics and Microengineering**, 2020, 30(5): 055007-055017.
- Yao Yiqing, Xu Xiaosu, Yang Dongrui, and **Xu Xiang**. An IMM-UKF aided SINS/USBL calibration solution for underwater vehicles [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology**, 2020, 69(4): 3740-3747.
- Cao Guocan, **Xu Xiang**, and Xu Dacheng. Real-Time Calibration of Magnetometers Using the RLS/ML Algorithm [J]. Sensors, 2020, 20(2): 535.
- **徐祥**, 朱琳, 荆通, 赵鹤鸣. 基于阵列MEMS磁传感器的测量与标定方法[J]. **中国惯性技术学报**, 2020, 28(02): 213-218.
- 邹泽兰,**徐祥**,徐同旭,赵鹤鸣.一种基于改进型自适应遗传算法的MEMS三轴加速度计标定方法[J].传感技术学报,2020,33(10):1450-1456.

## 2019 年：

- **Xu Xiang**, Xu Dacheng, Zhang Tao, Zhao Heming. In-motion Coarse Alignment Method for SINS/GPS Using Position Loci[J]. **IEEE Sensors Journal**, 2019, 19(10): 3930-3938.
- **Xu Xiang**, Lu Jiayi, and Zhang Tao. A Fast-Initial Alignment Method With Angular Rate Aiding Based on Robust Kalman Filter [J]. IEEE Access, 2019, 7: 51369-51378.
- **徐祥**, 刘铭, 曹国灿, 徐大诚. 基于自适应参数估计的三轴磁传感器实时校正方法[J]. **中国惯性技术学报**, 2019, 27(03): 384-389.
- **徐祥**, 徐大诚. 晃动基座下正向-正向回溯初始对准方法[J]. **宇航学报**, 2019, 40(08): 965-971.
- **徐祥**, 史凡伟, 徐大诚, 富振铎. 基于参数识别的SINS/DVL初始对准方法[J]. **中国惯性技术学报**, 2019, 27(02): 176-180.

## 2018 年：

- **Xu Xiang**, Xu Xiaosu, Zhang Tao, Wang Zhicheng. In-Motion Filter-QUEST Alignment for Strapdown Inertial Navigation Systems [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2018, 67(8):1979-1993.
- Zhang Tao, **Xu Xiang**, Wang Zhicheng. Spacecraft attitude estimation based on matrix Kalman filter and recursive cubature Kalman filter [J]. **Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part G: Journal of Aerospace Engineering**, 2018, 232(16): 3024-3033.
- Zhang Tao, Zhu Yongyun, **Xu Xiang**, Wang Jian, Li Yao. In-Motion Coarse Alignment Based on the Vector Observation for SINS [J]. **IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement**, 2018, 68(10): 3740-3750.
- Zhu Yongyun, Zhang Tao, **Xu Xiang**. A Coarse-Alignment Method Based on the Optimal-REQUEST Algorithm [J]. Sensors, 2018, 18(1): 239.
- Wang Jian, Zhang Tao, **Xu Xiang**, Li Yao. A Variational Bayesian Based Strong Tracking Interpolatory Cubature Kalman Filter for Maneuvering Target Tracking [J]. IEEE Access, 2018, 6: 52544-52560.

## 2017 年：

- **Xu Xiang**, Xu Xiaosu, Zhang Tao, Li Yao, Wang Zhicheng. A Coarse Alignment Method Based on Digital Filters and Reconstructed Observation Vectors [J]. Sensors, 2017, 17(4): 709.
- **Xu Xiang**, Xu Xiaosu, Yao Yiqing, Wang Zhicheng. In-motion coarse alignment method based on reconstructed observation vectors [J]. **Review of Scientific Instruments**, 2017, 88(3): 035001.
- **Xu Xiang**, Xu Xiaosu, Zhang Tao, Li Yao, Tong Jinwu. A Kalman filter for SINS self-alignment based on vector observation [J]. Sensors, 2017, 17(2): 264.
- Yao Yiqing, Xu Xiaosu, **Xu Xiang**. An IMM-Aided ZUPT methodology for an INS/DVL integrated navigation system [J]. Sensors, 2017, 17(9): 2030.

## 2016 年：

- **徐祥**, 徐晓苏, 张涛, 等. 一种改良 Kalman 滤波参数辨识粗对准方法[J]. **中国惯性技术学报**, 2016, 24(03): 320-324.
- 徐晓苏, 周峰, 张涛, **徐祥**. 基于四元数自适应卡尔曼滤波的快速对准算法[J]. **中国惯性技术学报**, 2016, 24(04): 454-459.

# 授权专利

- **徐祥**，郭泽涛，朱琳，桂靖. 比力微分的位置法DVL误差标定方法及系统. 2019.12.19-2023.11.24(申请号：CN201911317845.2，专利号：ZL201911317845.2，授权公告号：CN110987018B)。
- **徐祥**，李凤，陈洋豪. 虚拟圆球模型下极区惯性导航相位调制阻尼方法及系统. 2021.10.12-2023.03.07(申请号：CN202111194989.0，专利号：ZL202111194989.0，授权公告号：CN114001731B)。
- **徐祥**，孙逸帆，李风，陈洋豪. 磁力计信息辅助的MEMS陀螺仪标定方法及标定系统. 2021.01.27-2022.12.06(申请号：CN202110113501.0，专利号：ZL202110113501.0，授权公告号：CN112945271B)。
- 朱辰霄，**徐祥**，颜路胜，申佼杰，刘健明，戴瑄辰. 阵列式MEMS传感器SPI并行数据采集电路及传感系统，2020.07.30-2023.09.29(申请号：CN202010751876.5，专利号：ZL202010751876.5，授权公告号：CN111953333B)。
- **徐祥**，朱辰霄，黄玲，葛浩冉，赵鹤鸣. 一种极区格网坐标系动基座粗对准方法，2020.07.30-2021.12.07.( 申请号：CN202010751924.0，专利号：ZL202010751924.0，授权公告号：CN111947685B)。
- 白春风，**徐祥**，朱琳，徐大诚. 阵列式MEMS磁传感器实时标定方法，2019.11.01-2021.10.19.( 申请号：CN201911059650.2，专利号：ZL201911059650.2，授权公告号：CN110672127B)
- **徐祥**，徐大诚，白春风. 模值检测动基座鲁棒对准方法，2019.05.14-2020.12.01. (申请号：CN201910399911.9，专利号：ZL201910399911.9，授权公告号：CN110108301B)。
- **徐祥**，徐大诚. 速度辅助行进间回溯初始对准方法，2018.09.21-2020.05.29. (申请号：CN201811107681.6，专利号：ZL201811107681.6，公开：CN109443378A，授权公告号：CN109443378B)。
- **徐祥**，徐大诚. 标量域MEMS惯性系统标定方法，2018.09.21-2020.07.14. (申请号：CN201811107698.1，专利号：ZL201811107698.1，公开：CN109084806A，授权公告号：CN109084806B)。
- **徐祥**，徐大诚. GNSS位置辅助SINS行进间初始对准方法，2018.12.10-2020.07.24. (申请号：CN201811504547.X，专利号：ZL201811504547.X，公开：CN109596144A，授权公告号：CN109596144)。

# 软件著作权

- 徐祥，组合导航定位软件[简称：INPS]V1.0，2021.07.01-2021.12.08，登记号：2021SR2024517.
- 徐祥，阵列式传感器测量系统软件[简称：MSSA]V1.0，2020.12.01-2021.02.09，登记号：2021SR0233884.
- 徐祥，行人全区域定位系统[简称：PNS]V1.0，2020.02.01-2020.06.08，登记号：2020SR0583264.

# 学术交流

- 2021年第二届人工智能时代的感知、测量与数据分析国际会议（ICSMD），南京，中国。汇报论文：Research on the Noises Analysis of the MEMS Inertial Sensor Array。
- 2021年第四届IEEE国际无人系统大会（ICUS），北京（线上），中国。汇报论文：A Magnetic Vector Aided Calibration Method for MEMS Gyroscope
- 2020年导航定位年会（IEEE/ION PLANS），波特兰（线上），美国。汇报论文：Research on the Calibrated Method for MEMS Magnetometer Arrays
- 2016年组合通讯导航年会（ICNS），赫恩顿，美国。汇报论文：Interlaced matrix Kalman filter for spacecraft attitude estimation
